blog(embertimes171): understanding args glimmer (#874)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-171.md

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Read the blog on Understanding args in Glimmer Components ✍️,

---

> ## [Blog: Understanding args in Glimmer Components ✍️](https://v5.chriskrycho.com/journal/understanding-args-in-glimmer-components/) 

Reviewer: Fixed linting error:
```suggestion
## [Blog: Understanding args in Glimmer Components ✍️](https://v5.chriskrycho.com/journal/understanding-args-in-glimmer-components/)
```

[Chris Krycho (@chriskrycho)](https://github.com/chriskrycho) wrote a blog post on [understanding `args` in Glimmer components](https://v5.chriskrycho.com/journal/understanding-args-in-glimmer-components/) with a focus on what happens when there are _updates_ to `args`.

Chris explains how a Glimmer component works if you strip away all the reactivity and only do a single pass. The [Glimmer component API](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.23/modules/@glimmer%2Fcomponent) sets the `args` object on to the class in the `constructor`. The `args` object in a Glimmer component is also **read-only** since it is a [private class field](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_class_fields) while exposed with a getter.

> ```js

Reviewer: It's not enforced by a linter (I'm not sure how), but can we use the full name `javascript` to specify the language for syntax highlighting? For the new Ember app for blog, this becomes an issue for `hbs` vs `handlebars`, in particular.

``````suggestion
```javascript
``````

class Component {
  #args: object;
  get args() {
    return this.#args;
  }

  constructor(args: object) {
    this.#args = args;
  }
}
```

> The blog recommends to never assign from a property on `args` to a local class field in a Glimmer component because changes to the parent will never be reflected in the component. You should instead use getters which are re-executed when invoked unlike a class field which only has whatever value it has originally.

Reviewer: I thought the latter half of the 2nd sentence was a little redundant and made the whole sentence harder to understand. How about:

```suggestion
The blog recommends to never assign from a property on `args` to a local class field in a Glimmer component because changes to the parent will never be reflected in the component. You should instead use getters that are re-computed when invoked.
```
?
